Ladies and gentlemen, I'd like to introduce the greatest gentleman, greatest organization of gentlemen, Connie Mutu on the percussion.
Mr. Chuck LaValle on the keyboard.
O'Teal from Egypt.
Truth.
Jimmy Herring on guitar.
A BBQ 250.
Hey, on the drums.
Matt Munney.
I don't know what he's going to play.
Feel a fixin' to die Yeah, I'm walkin' kinda funny Feel a fixin' to die Yeah, I don't mind dyin' Hate to see my children cryin' There's a black smoke risin' Risin' on my head There's a black smoke risin' Risin' on my head
No, I can't
I'm walkin' kinda funny, feelin' fixin' to die Yeah, I'm walkin' kinda funny, lost, feelin' fixin' to die Said I don't mind dying, but I hate to see my children dying
No, I can't tell him, making all my dying men I said, I'm walking kind of funny, yeah, see the picture of that Yeah, I'm walking kind of funny, yeah, see the picture of that Yeah, I don't mind dying, boy, but I hate to see my children crying
Yo, welcome to the Spice Passa.
Let's see how I'm practicing.
Yo, you remember O'Hara.
My boy, Sulu.
Hey, y'all.
What up, Spock?
Baby, no salsa on the leather.
Keep it on the chips.
Artwork.
Dope.
James T. Kirk, president of the council.
This boy love that leftover roast beef.
Spock, it's solid beef, baby.
He like it a little, you know, rotten.
And this here is my sanctuary.
See, this is where I chill, where I relax, where I chillax.
Scotty, beam on down, baby.
As always, Scotty, bringing the power.
Oh, yeah.
Yo, Scotty, bring it.
Just trying to make people laugh every once in a while.
We gotta laugh every once in a while if we're gonna get through this darkness, ladies and gentlemen.
Glad to be here.
Good to see you.
The stream will end at 1240 on the dot, but we gotta do these things.
We're trying to make them a little sharper and deliver a crisper message.
I think we are at a crucial state where we cannot, we cannot,
We cannot let up the pressure on the openings that have presented themselves.
We can't move on yet.
I'm sorry to say it, but we've got to keep hitting the same spot over and over again until the illusion actually breaks.
Because the only thing they have left is to double down and to triple down on these players.
That's why they're rapping in Geneva.
There's no other way to explain that level of Fonzie jumping the shark.
If Epigirl is rapping in Geneva, that's pretty impressive.
It's my understanding that Mark Kulak may be going for the current independent BrightWeb record of 53 streams in a row.
He's getting really close.
Don't miss him.
If you see me slouching, please tell me to sit up straight.
I'm sitting on a stool.
Sometimes I need reminding.
Sorry, dear.
I should have talked over this liar.
Sorry about that, dear.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is JJ Cooey and I believe he is a consultant for CHD and I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
Eventually telling the truth is exactly the kind of titration I mean as they walk you to the place in the cave that they want you to arrive to next.
That's what these people have been doing.
That's why they have to step in front of people because two years too late is too late.
And so the truth is going to come out that they have been covering up a criminal vaccine schedule for decades
and that truth is going to be slow rolled out so that people react the way that they want them to react.
How many different ways can I explain it?
There's no question that the previous vaccine schedule was garbage and likely injured so many children that they had to invent something called sudden infant death syndrome that all of us grew up believing in.
It's much worse than you think, ladies and gentlemen.
It could be that some of the truth is that transfection isn't as bad as the last vaccine schedule was.
That's possibly part of this enchantment.
that the inverse is true.
That actually, transfection hasn't hurt as many people as a random combination of adjuvants and recombinant proteins injected into children at very early ages.
Of course this is a possibility.
And I apologize to everyone out there if I haven't been absolutely clear that I don't know.
But I do know for sure that most or everything that we have been led to believe by these people because of this fact.
This man told us the truth, that they have led us to perceive everything incorrectly, even, perhaps, the danger of the transfection, because, of course, they rolled out placebo.
There was no danger for a lot of people.
And so this is all being obfuscated by this parade, this circus of rappers and screamers and talkers.
Nothing that we perceive is true, and that's why no one, not just one or some, none of them talk about these ideas.
None of them talk about these ideas.
Except to attribute bad motives to the people who want to talk about these bad ideas.
It is really hard to
overestimate how valuable it is if you watch how even though i'm a creep on twitter i am attacking their ideas and even though they're pretending to be victims
They are actually only attributing bad motives to everyone who disagrees with them.
And this strategy, while implying that it's in fact their, the targets of their ire that are doing this.
This is exactly how the art of war goes.
And because they have access to weaponized piles of money, because weaponized piles of money are providing them with programmed social media prominence, they are able to outcompete us.
And they are able to prevent many people who would otherwise have seen this long ago from not having seen them for who they are.
Because they're focused on the Scooby-Doo villains, like Tony Fauci.
and the Scooby-Doo villains like Elon Musk or Peter Hotez or Peter Daszak.
And if we learn our history, we find out that who we should have been focused on is anybody that studied with Hilary Koprowski, anybody that studied with Stanley Plotkin, anybody that studied with Bob Gallo, anybody that studied with David Baltimore.
These basically four mentors can be traced right to all these bad ideas and their origination in their own writings, in their own words.
And that's how we inherited these charlatans.
That's why they have power over us.
That's why they had power over our parents.
And so a lot of us, if we can just pull our head out, we don't even need to ask for forgiveness.
We just need to cooperate together and agree that we need to make gentle the life of this world as we transition out of this mythology.
And America, we need to focus on transitioning America out of this mythology because America's vaccine schedule is the most criminal of all.
America's vac- Is that not working?
What the hell is that not working?
Test, test.
Why is that not working?
There we go.
Oh no, that's the wrong one.
Anyway, I wanted to make that echo.
didn't have that set up right, sorry about that.
But in America, we have the most criminal vaccine schedule of all.
That would have had better effect if I would have had an echo on it.
And so if we're gonna reveal this, this coordinated wave of liars that is responsible for us,
Our children having assumed that a pandemic happened and that vaccines are, I don't know, teacher says they're okay, must've been a real virus.
I mean, COVID is definitely COVID, it's strange.
All of this stuff, if we're gonna teach our kids to see it and make it safely to shore, we're gonna need to do a couple things.
We're gonna need to stay focused on the biology.
We're gonna need to not take their bait on social media and on television.
And we're going to have to teach our children to love their neighbors again.
And that means even people that are still trapped in the TV, still trapped on social media.
That's essentially what we're doing.
We're trying to free people while at the same time, we've got to swim in that water.
We want everybody to get out of the river because it's too dangerous to swim in.
But everybody's been told that that's the only safe place because the forest is on fire.
It turns out that our houses are fine, the forest is great, and it's the river that's dangerous.
We've got to wake people up, ladies and gentlemen.
You can do that by sharing this work.
A great place to share, which is growing slowly but surely every week, is stream.gigaohm.bio.
That's our own PeerTube instance.
And it is now getting hundreds of views a day, which is great.
and it's because people share there.
There's no censorship.
You get to hear the music in the beginning.
You can download the videos, I believe, and if that's not, somebody tell me and we'll figure it out.
But there's a paradigm shift happening, and it's happening because there are those voices on the independent bright web that have started to take control of the narrative and insist
that people pull their heads out and start talking about murder first and all the different ways that people were murdered and that how that was misconstrued as as a pandemic.
The only way you're going to be able to engage with us in a meaningful way is to start seeing it as in the
informed non-compliance.
The more you learn about what these people said in 2020 and the more you learn about what was known or assumed to be known about viruses and RNA viruses in particular before the pandemic, the easier it is for you to just say, wait a minute, you're full of it.
And be confident in saying it because you know the biology.
This is GigaOM Biological, by the way.
do
Good morning, everyone, from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
My name is Jonathan Cooey, and I'm the biologist that brings you Gigaohm Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief.
We are trying to restore the reverence for the sacred, especially the irreducible complexity that is found everywhere in nature and in all of us.
Welcome to the show.
As I said, I come live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
You can hear my garden back there.
It's a pretty nice day.
And so the back door is open.
I'm a human just like you.
I've got a family.
I've got kids that I want to be able to enjoy the kinds of things that I enjoyed as a young person and not have to worry about a world full of adults who don't understand basic reality.
And so I don't like the world that my kids are growing up in because they are going to be surrounded by adults that don't really understand reality.
GigaOM Biological is trying to throw a lifeline back down into the cave, the Plato's cave, and try to help people out of the cave.
We're trying to use flashlights and torches to help people.
We're trying to build a way out.
And that way out, I believe, is
restoring an appreciation for the irreducible complexity of our own biology, so that you can hear when people are using dumb, simple, or stupid, complicated models to try and intimidate you in
into foregoing that reverence and noticing it and instead assume that these questions are answerable and in fact the fidelity that they exaggerate all the time in all of these different places is in fact real.
And I think that the more sophisticated you become in terms of understanding these three ideas, the more likely it is that you're going to be able to, darn,
let's try this here if this is going to work i think that's okay um intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and rna cannot pandemic and so although i still think for the next
There is a lot of work to be done yet where we are outlining why it is that we should group certain people together into a what I've called team worst case scenario.
And they are a group of people that have curated a narrative about a novel virus that may or may not have come from a laboratory.
and the narrative around the response to it.
And these people are coordinated in their lying in that they try very hard to only stop one car of the train.
And that's why the video that I play often with the man that pretends to stop the subway and then steps off to the side and chalks his hands and then starts the train again or seems to push it,
I've used that over and over again because I believe that these people are part of a scripted, coordinated group of liars.
that was put in place at the beginning of the pandemic, maybe even months or years before the pandemic to make sure that trusted sources, a term that's used by them, trusted sources were in place so that this narrative could be curated in such a way so that at the end of the tunnel, we would come to the conclusion that a pandemic happened, that the response was a little bit rushed and maybe botched.
But overall quite successful and we've been off script for much longer than most people understand and myself and others are starting to realize that there's a good possibility that the warp speed
sort of forced rush of the vaccine rollout may have been the start of them having to go off script.
And essentially without those two years of confusion, fear, frustration, and doubt that was going to be orchestrated through testing and protocols, they were forced to kind of do that on top of the vaccine rollout, which became much more of a nuanced dance
And that's why so many people were brought on stage in June of 2021, when they probably were never scheduled to come on stage until a year or more later.
And although they were ready, and although they were in place, the way that they temporarily overlap now, actually the way that they shared the spotlight now, and the speed with which their narrative changed over the course of their public appearances, reveals them for the manipulators, the players that they are.
and their inability to address any of these questions, even as they occasionally address me as a person to need addressing.
We have seen over the last four years, especially I have seen over the last four years, that these people engage in a very disingenuous kind of relationship where
They essentially interact with you in such a way to make you feel as though you're making a contribution and that you're being heard.
But then when they go on to promote, they continue to promote one another over you.
And that's how they've absorbed a lot of people.
A lot of people have essentially thought that I'm going to go to Romania and I'm going to finally get on stage at one of these international COVID summits and people are going to find out that there was no pandemic.
And then what happens?
Well, then Epigirl comes back from the conference and tells everybody that, wow, it was really great.
I had breakfast with him.
And he says 17 million people were killed by the shot.
And then Robert Malone comes back from it and he says the same thing.
I saw an amazing presentation.
And he says 17 million people were killed from the shot.
But he also said other stuff that all of these people are very, very precise in omitting.
And so the accusation that I'm making is that the spread of these bad ideas was coordinated by whoever, whatever weaponized piles of money are behind this.
It wasn't the DOD or unless these people work for the DOD.
And I'm fine with that explanation.
Show me how they work for the DOD.
They work for someone because since the very beginning, they have been fueling a narrative
which focuses on these principles.
And now if you say that Sasha Latapova no longer says that, remember yesterday.
The obvious meddler, Doc Malek, made the point of having Sasha Latupova on her stream multiple times, and then made the point of mentioning me, but saying that we have very similar ideas.
And since Sasha is pre-programmed in social media to rise and be seen and show up in everybody's algorithm, then essentially, I guess, according to Malek, Sasha and me are interchangeable, and maybe Sasha's more likable.
I mean, he felt it was very relevant to promote his second or third interview with her and do a substack about it and get all excited about it.
He's never done that for me.
And in fact, the second interview I had with him, it was really like he was down in the dumps about something and he had to talk only about his suffering all the time.
And so what you see and what I'm seeing is, and I wanna be very clear about it, you can see them coordinatedly lying together.
And there's no good reason why Sasha Latupova should be promoting Kevin McKernan when actually he thinks that there's a virus and she says there's no virus and the gain of function is a mythology, then essentially they don't agree on anything, but it's okay, they get along.
I mean, if Kevin McKernan was exhibiting, let's say, a correct pattern of behavior, he would have blocked her a long time ago, but he's not because he knows that she's on a team that can't be treated the same way that people outside of that team are treated.
Eventually, they may come to heads.
Eventually, they may argue.
Maybe they'll go into a Twitter space and they'll argue about it, but it will be fake.
just like the rest of these rivalries are fake, just like the rest of this engagement with Jonathan Cooley's theories are often fake.
Even the people that promote me, sort of, they just all kind of abdicate understanding.
I'm not sophisticated enough to understand what JJ's saying.
That's the best I ever get from anyone, and that's barring nobody.
So you want me to be absolutely brutally honest?
Apparently, I haven't done enough work to explain how easy it is to understand that RNA virology is a hoax based on synthetic transfection and transformation of cell cultures.
How much more succinctly has anyone ever put it?
You don't need to write a whole
treaties about this.
You need to say it as simply as possible.
That's the problem that I present with all of these people.
If you listen to me and you take the most simplest distillation of these ideas and try to debunk it, you can't.
I should probably add to RNA cannot pandemic is that RNA viruses are based solely on transfection and transformation in cell culture.
our understanding of them.
I just think RNA virology is best because what is that?
What is RNA virology?
Is it just the study of exosomal signaling?
And so they called it virology to make sure that you would never attribute it to yourself, that you would never come to the conclusion that, hey, wait, are you saying that my own immune system uses retroviruses too?
That my own immune system tries to communicate with other immune systems that are in my group?
Or you mean all these things exist?
Is that why I didn't like kissing that girl, but I like this?
They don't want you to think any of this biology could have any frame of reference within you.
And these people don't either.
Don't you see?
As sophisticated as they are, they still haven't been able to simply put it.
They're still using a combination of dumb simple or stupid complicated to confuse people instead of just saying it succinctly.
That's why they skip the same beginning slide for the last year and a half now and say I'm chasing a Scooby-Doo mystery or something like that instead of just addressing the three points that I say they can't.
Now we have a fourth.
RNA virology is based solely on transfection and transformation of cell cultures.
So they've changed the way we think by coordinated lying.
It's very, very hard.
I just actually had a talk with my sons about it because...
They wanted to do a thing with Freddy on Minecraft.
And what they wanted to do was they wanted to pretend that it was only Kira and her playing, but then actually Matthew would be in the other room, also in the world, harassing them and then pretending like, wait, there's somebody here.
We don't know who it is.
And Kira was going to make it seem like he also didn't know who it was and was worried that they'd been hacked.
And I said, you know, that's exactly how they created the pandemic, right?
They just got a bunch of people to pretend to agree about something.
And if they did it with enough people on enough platforms, then everybody that looked at those platforms on their phone or looked at those platforms on their YouTube or their TV would see an illusion of consensus that there was a pandemic occurring.
just like you two agreeing to lie to each other, because they had even planned to have Cherokee come out of the room and sit and watch them and talk smack about how they're not building very well, and then say he's got to go to the bathroom and then show up in the background as the invader.
And so they really had a script worked out so that they could fool their sister into believing that someone had hacked Minecraft and that was burning their houses and stuff and was in creator mode and they had all kinds of things figured out.
And I tried very hard for them to see how easy, just imagine how easy it would be.
If Health and Human Services and the national biosecurity state decided that we needed to get compliance to the worst case scenario, we needed to see how close we could get to 100% compliance.
And the way that we were going to do it was with a limited spectrum of debate that would be curated by people on the news.
They talked about it in Dark Winter and in Event 201.
about how there needed to be people in place, trusted news sources, trusted sources of information.
And so I want to be very clear that I'm making the accusation that they've been doing this for decades.
They have been intelligently and consciously manipulating the organized habits and opinions of us since our parents.
And that's why we grew up believing that vaccines weren't terrible and viruses were real.
And there was some things spreading around all the time, which may be true.
but not in the dumb, simple way that they've described it.
Because there's an irreducible complexity out there that all of these people are trying to mislead the young about, so that they never understand the breadth and the depth of the spectacular commitment to lies that is the entire biosecurity state.
that all of these people serve, whatever that is, the weaponized piles of money and banks and private hedge funds, the weaponized piles of money that are the pharmaceutical companies and their intellectual property, whatever it's worth, the investing, everything that you and I don't understand is all wrapped up in this illusion so that we can be governed by a mythology.
Our children can be governed by lies, essentially be slaves and not know it.
And so I'm making some pretty big accusations about these people, but I think their pattern of behavior, their appearances on podcasts in April and May of 2020 is not by chance.
It's actually part of this national security operation that was gamed for many decades and tabletop exercises where they suggested there would be characters like an Epi girl.
That was the public facing brochure.
The real reality is, is that they had people set up so that different sides of the narrative could be controlled and that people would fall into different grooves following different influencers.
Let's call them thought leaders.
And these thought leaders were put in place because they know how to do this.
They've gamed it out.
And there is no reason to believe that this man is saving us given what he said over the timeline of the pandemic.
He's essentially Bret Weinstein in 2020.
All the way until December.
It's a subtle debate about whether the virus is novel or not, but there is no question that there is a virus spreading.
And that's why even after the Senate committee hearing, somebody like Mary Holland interviews him and promotes him on CHD, because they are also part of the orchestrated curation of this slow roll.
In a few years, maybe, maybe in 3030, they're gonna eventually say the whole vaccine schedule is shit.
But man, oh man, these RNA vaccines are obviously better.
Now that we're not making them through process two,
Now that Tony Fauci's dead, I guess we can admit it.
That's why they needed all of these people on the podcast with Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
It was originally supposed to be just me and Bobby.
And then a week or four days beforehand, it became a panel.
And I got seven minutes.
Robert Malone took 40.
Meryl Nass took another 20.
Jessica Rose took like five and a very confused Tess Laurie just sat there and squinted for an hour and a half going, what in the hell did they invite me here for?
And Bobby Kennedy said some crazy stuff about me at the beginning of the pandemic.
At the beginning of the, I mean, crazy stuff.
When I was listening to it live, I was cringing.
All I could do was look down at the table and then back into the, I mean,
I never said that it was intelligence agencies or something like that.
I mean, it's just an incredible introduction.
I was flabbergasted.
And honestly, the hypothesis that I pitched here was done incorrectly.
I had to adjust so
I had so little time to adjust that I had to make a decision between whether I was going to say they could have transfected us to the spike protein, or they could have planted clones of the whole sequence anywhere they wanted to.
I had to be somewhat selective about how I said that because I only had seven minutes.
And so I kind of said that they could have planted the spike signal anywhere.
And that's, in retrospect, wasn't the perfect presentation.
But that's what happens when you're told you're going to have an hour
And you have 130 slides, and you're ready to teach Bobby everything.
And then they say, oh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute.
We've changed the plan.
We're going to have these people come in.
Why do you think that happened?
It happened because that guy up there, this woman over here, and that woman down there at the bottom, Epigirl, are all part of a curation team.
that made sure that the worst case scenario of a gain of function lab leak, even if it ended up to be not as dangerous of a virus, it could spread around the world.
And that's indeed probably what happened right now.
They all agree on that.
They all were there to make sure that the message that that didn't happen, didn't actually get out from this podcast.
And I think they were quite successful.
Partly because I'm still trapped in their illusion at this time.
I'm still not sure who's a bad guy and a good guy here.
I thought I was being given an opportunity maybe even to convince Robert Malone.
And then nine days later, he sees me at a CHD conference and yanks his hand away because he says he doesn't know who I am.
I was in a signal chat with Brett Weinstein for almost a year.
And he's known that this should be called a transfection since early 2021.
And now he's on Russell Brand, still unable to be succinct and simple about anything, like accurate, you know, still unable to say anything because their job is to mislead the young.
And I think we need to explain over and over again that.
Okay.
I'm going to escape.
I think it's just a little mad that I'm doing too much here.
Yeah, so we need to explain that embedded in an operation like Dr. Giordano so eloquently gives the brochure presentation for, the public presentation for,
We already know that we're going to use the internet to control the perception of a spreading dangerous pathogen.
But in reality, we're just going to seed a few cases.
I've made the argument that seeding the few cases could be specifically seeding the molecular signal that they wanted to be seeded.
And they could have done that in Wuhan.
They could have done that in the Sohomish County, man.
They could have done that in Bergamo.
They could have also used something else to make people sick and die like protocols or previous vaccinations from the year before.
And I don't know because it's a crime, but what I am suggesting is that the main issue
The main molecular biological issue that every one of these people can't seem to get their head around because they don't understand J.J.
Cooey's biology is that the sequence could be planted.
It could be planted in a very high fidelity way so that the sequencing reaction would be very strong signal.
And they can do that with any signal that they want to, any DNA that they want to manufacture, they can manufacture in large quantities.
And then it can be put in places.
It could be put in cruise ships.
It can be put in people's throats.
It can be put in vapes.
It could be put in waters.
It could be put anywhere.
And they don't, none of them, none of them want to acknowledge that recombinant DNA and RNA technology is sufficient to create all of the molecular signals, all of them, the lateral flow test, the PCR tests, the full sequences, all of them are easily, easily and cheaply created with synthetic DNA and RNA put in this only in the places it needs to be.
And everything else, everything else could be murder.
Is there anyone that's trying to explain it more simply than that?
You don't need to argue about whether viruses can be isolated or whether viruses can be cultured if you say that RNA virology is based on synthetic RNA and DNA being used to transform and transfect cell cultures and then show that that's the case in every paper that you look at.
And that is true.
I've tried to get the no-virus people to do that for quite some time now.
It's actually the idea that I tried to bridge the connection between CHD and the no-virus people, try to bring them together under the idea that there is no high-fidelity RNA molecule that you can let go like a Frisbee and it's just going to go around the world repeatedly for five years.
And by the end of it, there's going to be thousands of Frisbees everywhere.
That's not how RNA works, but if you wanted everybody to find a frisbee, you could make a bunch of frisbees and then put them places.
Throw them in everybody's backyard and then say, hey, go in the backyard and look, if you got one, whoa, it's spreading, see?
Now, if your backyard's on social media, it's pretty easy to make that illusion happen, isn't it?
And these people are part of a team of people that was put in place in order to confuse, frustrate, create fear, uncertainty, and doubt about the worst case scenario of what was really happening.
Maybe next year it'll be worse because the virus is still evolving.
These are all things that are still being said.
Now they've shifted.
There's been some shift.
Pierre Corey is now shifting to say, wow, I can't believe I finally figured out that the vaccine schedule is bad.
But we've already said, this is part of the titrated shift.
they're eventually gonna admit that the FDA and the CDC was shitty.
They're eventually gonna admit that the old vaccine schedule was bad, but these new ones, if we just get the process two right, or we do the process one again, or we make it personalized, that everything will be fine.
And there's no doubt in my mind that that's exactly who these people play for.
And if Ryan Cole is about to jump ship, well, he needs to be pushed.
If Peter McCullough is thinking about jumping ship, he needs to be pushed because none of them are making a concerted effort to get to the exits.
Could be because there's a lot of coercion that happens as you enter this group, I don't know.
I can guarantee you that some or all of these people are read into a national security operation and know damn well that they're lying to the American public.
A lot of them have known that they've been lying about a worst-case scenario for four years straight, especially the ones who said the worst-case scenario could be a billion people dead at any time during that timeline, because I've never said that.
And I've come to understand the truth is there is no way an RNA molecule can be responsible for a pandemic unless people make enough of it.
That's it.
And then after that, it's still, you want everybody to have a Frisbee, you gotta make them.
You want everybody to have a coronavirus?
You're going to have to make it, or it's already got to be there a long time ago.
And I don't really care what the right answer is anymore.
I just want you to understand that the most plausible and parsimonious explanations, given what we know about RNA virology and immunology, are not being presented by these people.
They're simply not.
All of their possible explanations involve not talking about 2020, not talking about a background signal, not talking about the illusion of PCR or the illusion of sequencing, and not talking about 2020.
They want you to focus on the fact that the COVID shots are bad.
End of story.
And so I am making some bold statements here, but I think these people are working against us.
I think they're on the team of big money, the team of Peter Thiel, Elon Musk, Facebook, all of these weaponized piles of money and the social media that they control.
That's what Locals is all about.
That's what Telegram is all about.
That's what this Bitcoin shit and all these other money laundering schemes, that's what they're all about.
That's why everybody on the internet's now buying really fancy watches with Bitcoin.
It's money laundering.
It's very similar to, who else is in a Bitcoin signal chat group for like three years now?
Interesting, huh?
So I want to just take a brief look at Kevin McKernan on a podcast in 2020.
We're going to go to the May one first.
We're going to take a brief look at it, and then we'll probably be done for the day.
I'm going to stream my wife's yoga class after this at 1 o'clock.
If you want to find her on YouTube, it's Fearla, V-E-E-R-L-E.
And it's nog een yogi of which is another yoga teacher in Dutch so she's making fun of herself because she's a beginner yoga teacher and nobody watches but she likes to make the videos and as I've Said to her, you know, once you make the videos, they're always there And so if you're gonna practice and you're gonna do it anyway, I don't mind streaming it So if there's anybody out there who didn't know that you can find it on YouTube but I'm not gonna put links here and stuff like that because I don't need a
other people finding her.
So let's take a look at this.
Kevin McKernan, welcome back.
I might just leave these texts up.
Hey, Vance, thank you so much for having me back.
I appreciate it.
I feel like it was yesterday, but it's probably been a month.
Who knows?
Oh my gosh.
And it seems like you're a person that I just met as a complete stranger, and now I'm texting you being like, hey man, you on?
You ready to go?
And you're like, no, I can't right now.
I'm PCR-ing a SARS virus.
Yeah.
And so like now I've got a buddy out on the East Coast that's messing around with SARS.
What are you doing out there?
So, um, this may be completely superfluous and probably, uh, it's an insurance policy.
We're worried if they find SARS in the cannabis supply chain, we'll get shut down.
And so we set out on a mission to figure out how to detect potential SARS contamination in cannabis.
It's not a replicative test.
It shouldn't have any SARS.
But we've got dispensaries and we've got grows in town right now that are getting employees that are coming down with it.
And actually, everyone's worried that cannabis is manually farmed and manually trimmed often.
And there's a lot of human contact with it.
And so if anyone's coughing or
or spreading SARS onto the cannabis, it's an inhaled product.
So the next people downstream who might be getting this are people who could be potentially inhaling it.
And that in itself you think might be extreme like a lightning strike, but there's a lot of bat guano getting used as fertilizers.
That's where we're finding a lot of the coronaviruses.
And then if you look at the
The patients have shared comorbidities.
So a lot of the elderly population started using CBD as this became more legal.
We've got a lot of COPD, diabetes, hypertension, cancer in particular.
There's a lot of cannabis use in cancer.
Those are all the patient classes that are exposed to COVID.
And so we're just worried if it ever shows up, it'll be a shutdown for us.
So we just started building tests that could pick up SARS on cannabis.
So now I'm finding myself managing it every day and PCRing it and purifying it.
Naturally, all of the whole mask debate gets thrown at you left and right.
I saw you were involved in some of that recently as well, and there seems to be a community out there that's all or nothing on this.
You either wear masks all the time while riding bikes and in cars and going to bed, or you don't wear them at all.
and that there's no cost to wearing them that it's just that people don't want to that my biggest issue with the way that debate is going is it's it's saying look at all these reasons why you should and here's only one reason why you wouldn't and it's because you don't care about anybody else but yourself and it's like wait a second there are going to be second order effects here things you can't predict when now everybody's not only allowed to wear a mask but impelled to wear a mask like this is uh
People didn't, you're right, we're in this place where people want all or nothing answers and it's getting scary out there.
Yeah, and we're not even getting those from, I mean, we've seen the WHO flip-flop.
We've seen Fauci flip-flop on this thing.
And it's not because, I don't think they're being deceitful.
I think it's that it depends on the context.
If you're a physician that's managing patients that are immunocompromised, maybe you should wear one.
And if you're out running or on a, I mean, I saw someone on a bike today fondling their mask while running a bike.
I'm like, right there, my rain man goes off.
Like, wait a minute, dude, riding a bike one-handed fondling your mask is probably more dangerous than the risk that you're inverting by putting the mask on.
So this has gone to just extremes of either virtue signaling or something.
And there's some data out there on hypoxia.
These masks, if you wear them all day, they become wet sponges on your mouth.
And there's higher respiratory infections with people that don't know etiquette on wearing them.
I'm not perfect at wearing them either.
But a lot of these studies, they're finding the SARS on the outside of the mask.
Now, that's not from breathing it in from the atmosphere.
That's from your hand touching something and putting it there.
right?
So they become a collection filter for all types of microbes.
And when you use these things in a sterile setting, you touch it and you toss it, right?
If you ever touch your mask, you throw it out and get a new one.
And no one's doing that.
They're fondling them, moving them around, riding their bikes with them, walking.
And none of that is, at one, it's probably environmentally really destructive.
I don't think there's good evidence that it's
filtering these things out, maybe some of the droplets and the coughs and what have you.
But it's, yeah, it's gotten crazy where no one can see any nuance here.
So yeah, if I were handling live virus in a lab, you got to do it in a BL3 lab, I'd wear one.
But if I'm going outside that day after being in the lab, I'm not wearing one.
And what about being in a closed environment?
You going to the grocery store again?
I would probably, I mean, they make you wear them in the grocery stores.
I probably wouldn't feel like I need to.
If I were in a New York subway, maybe I'd put one on.
I mean, all the areas that have demonstrated there's bad air flow and high population density and perhaps high viral load, but wearing them everywhere just seems like we're going to have, I can't imagine how many masks are going to go floating in the Pacific after this.
Well, I had a really interesting guy, Brad Frecking, on who was running a pork plant.
And they had huge numbers of people coming back positive for coronavirus, and yet very few people showing any symptoms at all and only one hospitalization.
And that was news that when that came out, I remember that was the same week as the two doctors that came out.
It was the same time you and I talked.
There was a whole bunch of stuff.
You're not even allowed to question any part of how dangerous this is or how deadly or any of that.
So where do you think we're at now?
Well, you bring up good studies there.
I mean, those are really interesting.
You see this go through communities like this.
They're in work environments where they're probably really close.
I would imagine a lot of those
Okay, so let's just take a little pause here because that was pretty big pile of flood there of stuff.
So COVID and cannabis, of course, that's really funny.
And the story that he told with regard to bat guano being used is also really funny.
I just find it hilarious.
I was actually making that joke because
It doesn't matter.
Masks.
You don't care about anyone else is what Vance said with regard to not wearing masks means that you don't care about anyone else.
And McKernan didn't push back on that at all.
That's extraordinary because that's really
the narrative that they wanted everybody to adopt, right?
So this is dead on balls narrative here.
This is exactly what Brett Weinstein was doing with his woodshop goggles and bandana.
It's the same, absolutely the same dumb set of questions about do we have to, if we're using these masks, is it dumb to use masks?
No, it's just dumb if you let them get all dirty and you don't renew them every day.
And the other problem is, what are we going to do with all these masks?
I mean, it's just going to be a big garbage heap.
So that's another problem.
It's another dumb question.
If you don't need masks, then who gives a shit about how you dispose of them?
You're wasting them for nothing when you don't need them for something.
And so they're not at all thinking about the psychological aspects of it.
They're very
Strictly limiting their limited spectrum of debate to the what they consider are the moral Justifications for doing something better than then it's it's ridiculous.
I Got a little message here, I'm gonna check just to see what he's got to say over here.
I don't know who this is.
I
The only reason not to wear a mask means a person doesn't care about the life of others.
I mean, I don't know exactly how to hear it.
I heard what I heard there.
They were not usefully arguing against wearing masks, but trying to present it as some sort of subtle, nuanced discussion.
Because, you know, it does stop droplets, but I don't think it stops meaningfully.
What does that mean then?
It is just extraordinary that they also mentioned hypoxia with regard to the masks, and the idea that if they force people to mask in a hospital while they were waiting in the waiting room, and you sat with a mask for two hours in a waiting room, and maybe even a N95 mask because you were really worried about it, and you sat there for four hours, and then they took your pulse ox, it might be low enough for them to justify giving you supplemental oxygen.
And because supplemental oxygen is something that oxygen is something that none of these MDs seem to want to talk about and say, no, you're right.
Or no, you're wrong.
I think it's getting more and more likely that this was a key.
to the castle.
It was a key to getting people onto a protocol and thinking that their disease was progressing because the result of supplementary oxygen given in an inappropriate way is ARDS.
Of course, the primary severe step to severe COVID is ARDS.
So you can't underestimate how them just dropping that little hint there is all part of this.
It's all part of it.
They gotta get these ideas out there in a way so that they can curate them.
And so curating the narrative about hypoxia is also really important because they want you to think that it's already been addressed, that it's mentioned.
They know they didn't mention what might happen if you had hypoxia and went into a hospital, that it might be misconstrued as COVID.
They were very specific about not saying anything like that.
It's just that masks might not always be as good as we say because sometimes people get hypoxia.
But that's weird, right?
Because Pierre Cory said that like 80% of the people in New York City had hypoxia.
And so you see that they're curating the narrative from different sides with different people that you might not hear Pierre Cory.
He might not have heard Kyle Seidel.
Maybe you only heard this guy.
Maybe you've been listening to Vance Crowe because of his extended resume with the World Bank and with Monsanto.
I don't know.
But they're asking really a lot of dumb questions.
And I think they probably do that for the whole hour.
And this is only a month after he was on his show or less than a month.
It's three weeks.
This is definitely narrative curation here.
There's no other way to see it.
And these people are the players that were put in front of us.
This is the operational areas.
Many of his people are probably socializing after work at the local bar.
I mean, you tend to have these large factories that are in rural America.
there's probably not a lot of places for them to go afterwards.
So you tend to get a big community, you know, collection points in certain local restaurants and bars.
That's probably where it's spreading.
It's probably not spreading on the production lines, but you raise a good point that not a lot of them are getting sick.
That was seen on the USS Roosevelt.
That was seen in the Diamond Princess.
If you look at both of those cases, those are like Petri dishes that are islands.
I mean, he was asking the question there of whether the meat supply was being contaminated with coronavirus or not.
You see that, right?
That's already being seeded there as well.
And maybe part of their plan was to use coronavirus as an excuse to disrupt the supply chain, and now they're pivoting to a flu.
I don't know.
But I do know that it's very odd that all of these little pieces of the narrative that we still seem to be thinking are shiny objects are present in this May 12th interview with Kevin McKernan.
They're contained.
And something like 82% of the people were clearly exposed because they were held in the tightest quarters you could ever imagine.
and they didn't come down with a sickness.
So why?
Why are they not getting sick?
If you jam that many people, I think it was close to 5,000 people.
Maybe because an RNA doesn't spread like that.
Maybe because these signals are being misconstrued as a risk additive spreading pathogen, but they're actually just molecular biological signals that were planted.
They could have been planted in the tests, in the diagnostics, or in the patients, or on the surfaces, or wherever they wanted.
In the tubes, in the reagents.
DNA is very stable.
RNA isn't.
The U.S.
is Roosevelt, and the density at which they stack those people is like tighter than New York City.
Oh, I used to live on a ship, and they're living in soldier conditions where they don't have to try and convince young college kids to go work there.
It is cramped.
He used to live on a ship?
Does that mean he worked in the Navy?
Oh my gosh, please tell me it means he worked in the Navy.
You gotta be kidding me.
Right on top of each other.
You're taking a shower in an area that
your shoulders are so broad they'll touch both walls.
Like it is super tight in there.
Social distancing is impossible.
So anyone in those ships is fully exposed and only 17% of them are coming down with... Is that right?
Because last we left the story of the ship, it was like waving goodbye to the ship captain that absolutely broke all the protocols and these poor soldiers were basically left on the ship to die and then we didn't hear anything about it.
So what did end up happening?
This is all just narrative curation.
We're asking the questions that these guys agree are interesting to ask.
And if the questions that they are asking were queued up as part of a national security operation, then you actually understand what's going on.
It's not really complicated.
It's just as simple as Matt and Kira lying to Freddie.
If two or more people agree to lie to you, you're in big trouble.
I mean, really big trouble.
happening there.
Yeah, there's a good video to point your audience to.
I think it's from someone at Rockefeller University.
It's about a 12-minute video that walks through the numbers on the Diamond Princess and on that cruise ship.
And the numbers line up pretty close between the Diamond Princess and the USS Roosevelt of having over 80% of the people not getting sick despite being exposed.
And then you look at the prisons.
I'll send you a link on the prison studies.
This place is tracking all the prisons.
And one of these studies, it was like over 1,900 cases and only 10 deaths.
So that's down at 1%.
And prison environments, they're not getting a lot of vitamin D there.
This is probably poor looting conditions.
They don't get outside much.
Their immune systems are probably destroyed from being indoors and contained all day.
And even there, it's hard to get the numbers up to 1%.
Oh, really?
I was expecting you to say, hey, the reason their numbers are over 1% is because they're vitamin D deficient.
I thought you set up yourself in the argument.
It could be, but the fact is they're contained and everyone's got to be getting it and only a very small number of them are dying.
What does that say?
I would imagine ... I don't know the ...
He said that they must all be getting it.
They must all be getting it, but none of them are dying.
That assumption is part of this narrative.
They don't have evidence that all the prison populations are getting COVID.
What kind of nonsense is this?
But we can assume that all the people on the cruise ship are exposed, just like we can assume all the people on a Navy ship are exposed.
We can assume that all the people in
Insert your assumption here about assumption here.
And so they're agreeing that this is true.
There's an illusion of consensus, obviously.
I mean, I was on a ship.
But it's just lying.
It's just a spectacular commitment to a mythology.
And that's why these guys are doing it.
You should be confused and made just like I was.
when I was on my fifth podcast in a row with Paul Cuttrell and Kevin McCairn and Addy Adds.
But he's not confused.
He already knows where we're going.
He already knows what his job is.
Promote yourself, promote these ideas.
Promote your expertise, promote these ideas.
And he's been doing that for four years straight.
He did it twice on my show.
The crazy thing is if you watch the previous recordings with me and him, I think it's the most revealing of all.
Because I know what I was thinking then.
I know how behind the ball I was and I know how much I looked up to him.
I haven't bothered to roll that out yet because it's such a nuclear bomb.
I mean, at any point in time, we could just kind of end this, but nobody's paying attention yet.
So we need more people to share this work, more people to get people to listen to the introduction so that they understand exactly what I'm accusing these people of being a part of.
I don't want to pull any more punches because I've got a stage coming in a couple of weeks.
I don't want anybody to be surprised at what they hear.
I'm going for the throat, because I don't think we have much more time.
Demographics of those.
But we do know there is a high incident of African-American imprisonment, more so on drugs than an equal number of people, if you're Caucasian, getting caught for drugs for the same crime.
There's something like a 48-fold higher rate of getting incarcerated if you're African-American for the same crime.
Jeez, Vance says.
Jeez.
Like, are we really serious?
Are we really serious?
Are you really learning that for the first time, you jackass?
You see what they do?
They create this illusion of revealing, this illusion of I'll acknowledge something and everybody knows, then I'll say something dumb.
Then I'll acknowledge something, everybody knows, then I'll say something dumb.
But it's not saying something dumb.
It's saying something carefully crafted to make sure that we got on board with the Scooby-Doo mystery so that by the end of this, we would have bought it as a gain of function lab leak that required people to go a little bit crazy with regard to getting compliance, required the government to lock down as hard as they did.
And I think the reason why they're off script is because they were forced to rush the shot and that was never part of the plan.
That's why a lot of them were talking about two or three years before a vaccine would be ready.
Make no mistake about it, ladies and gentlemen, I am suggesting that we are way off script.
And these people are behaving exactly as they are because of how far off script we are.
And the only thing they have to rely on is that the illusion on social media will be maintained by the programming.
Because if enough people see that they promote specifically each other and specifically when each other is preaching about these ideas, then it will be obvious that these people are playing against us.
They are not heroes.
They are not on white horses.
Their horses are black.
despite the fact that drug use doesn't differ between the two.
So there's clearly racism involved in prosecution and involved in who's getting incarcerated.
And so there's interesting studies in Norway, and I think it's Norway and Sweden.
It's a Nordic country.
I've got to get the right country on this.
But there are African-Americans, and I shouldn't even say African-Americans.
There are people of dark skin that live in northern latitudes, and they're the most
de-deficient folks in the world because they're not getting the sun that they're used to.
And they're seeing higher rates of COVID fatality amongst them.
So I imagine that same thing's going on.
So they're not getting the normal amount of sun that they're used to?
What about the people of dark skin that were born in those countries?
What the hell is he talking about?
Are we about to pivot to the hint that, ooh, maybe it's targeted to certain races?
Maybe that explains it.
You see what the debate is now?
They're already seeding the narrative that maybe there are certain groups that are gonna get affected, but they're never gonna come to the realization that Denny Rancor said it was only poor people, and that it respected county borders, and that people with serious disabilities or income disparities were the ones that were getting murdered in the hospital.
It's really weird, right?
All these little pieces just falling out of his mouth at random in May 2020, but he's focused on cannabis genome stuff.
I mean, I'm busy all day.
Now I'm busy all day sequencing SARS virus, make sure that it's not there.
So how is he sequencing it then?
Is he using a control?
Oh, oh, okay.
I wonder what that's all.
You know, you see, it's already, he's already bamboozled Vance and Vance is happy to be bamboozled because this guy used to work for the Human Genome Project.
I just hope I can keep up for an hour.
It's wonderful once you see it.
It's just blatant.
This video and the videos related to it from April, May, and December of 2020 are all still on YouTube to watch.
Apparently he wasn't off script enough to get censored.
Mark's four minute video about Pierre Cory was censored in minutes after he posted it.
Minutes.
These highly controversial takes have been present on YouTube for four years.
went on in prisons.
Wow.
That community's might indeed be deficient and they would be particularly prone to this.
And yet we're not seeing Wow.
We're seeing fairly suppressed exposure to this.
So they are also terribly malnourished and all these other things like what is he talking about?
It's an illusion of consensus.
Wow.
So everybody else listening says to Kevin Wow.
What is it with vitamin D?
I mean, all of a sudden that hit.
I saw Matt Ridley talking about it.
I've heard people, you know, trying to, and it's like, it, it, it feel, it felt at first like Matt Ridley, you mean Matt Ridley, the one that wrote a book with Alina Chan?
Is that, is that the Matt Ridley you mean?
Where is that?
I think it actually is.
I think it's actually this book right here.
Matt Ridley, before the book is written, he's mentioning Matt Ridley.
Really?
The one that would coordinate with the Broad Institute scientist named Helena Chan, who's never had a position in her life, went from postdoc to staff scientist at the Broad Institute because she had a preprint that never got published about the supposed evolution or non-evolution of the SARS-2 virus compared to the SARS-1 virus?
That one?
Liars, ladies and gentlemen.
Positioned with book sales.
Liars.
Positioned with media elevation.
Liars with programmed relevance on social media.
These people are part of the show.
And that's why Vance is mentioning him now.
Because he was cued up to be part of the show.
just like Alina, just like Drastic, just like George Webb, just like Robert Malone, just like Meryl Nass, just like they're all were present and on purpose.
Nobody's coming to our rescue.
Nobody on social media that was censored and whatever is coming to our rescue.
It's the people who are still censored, still haven't risen, have a proven record of four years of integrity and have admitted that they made mistakes and that cost people lives.
Anybody that doesn't say that is a liar.
We're talking one step above essential oils or get your Vita-C pack.
It's easy to throw to everyone.
The FDA likes to downplay anything that could be a nutraceutical.
People have been talking about vitamin D for a while.
Nick Szabo has been pushing on this quite a bit.
He's really involved in the
are early on in the Bitcoin space and he caught on to a lot of these papers really early.
I started reading them and it helps boost your immune system.
So if you can boost your immune system cheaply, hey, that's the thing to do.
So Bitcoin space mentioned, isn't that wonderful?
He also wants to use blockchain for publishing too.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
thinks blockchain is great because it's going to save us too.
That's how it all works, ladies and gentlemen.
That's what's happening right now.
You ever thought about the fact that maybe if Donald Trump just said he wanted to go back to being a TV guy with The Apprentice, that maybe all this would go away?
There's a theater, ladies and gentlemen, and you are seeing it.
You are staring at the brick wall behind you, behind the theater.
The scenery is visible.
And these people provided the cognitive scenery that we thought was a lively debate about our future, but it was actually a limited spectrum of debate.
curated by these people that were put in place at the beginning of the pandemic or before so that trusted sources of information could be used to curate the narrative where we are now.
And they're off script because it should have taken longer for us to get to the stage where Epigirl was wrapping in Geneva.
That was supposed to happen in 2030, but it's happened already.
So we've advanced quite a few seasons in this sitcom of the macabre, and it's because they are off script trying to catch up to us.
We've gotten several dominoes ahead of them by saying that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system was always dumb.
From the time of Hilary Koprowski all the way till now, it has always been dumb.
And more of us are making the argument that they've always known that.
and an illusion of consensus created by a few people like, I don't know, David Baltimore, Hillary Kaprowski, Stanley Plotkin, what's the prion guy's name?
What is his name?
God dang it.
Anyway, all those people that trained with all those people, Gallo, Fauci's just descended from them.
protecting the same set of lies, the same mythology upon which the criminal vaccine schedule in America is based.
And slowly but surely, these people are in charge of rolling us to that conclusion.
But at the same time, pulling the bait and switch like in Indiana Jones, where they substitute the mRNA for the old vaccine schedule, but with the caveat that we admit the old vaccine schedule was shit.
And we admit that we rolled this out too fast because we thought it was a gate of function virus.
So we had to make sure.
That's why they were there, ladies and gentlemen.
That was their job.
That's why he sounds like such a dickhead.
So that's the easiest and cheapest thing Americans can do to pump up their immunity.
And it's probably also why a lot of these viruses disappear in the summer, is that people get out more, they get more sun, they get vitamin D levels up.
But in the wintertime, everyone's vitamin D deficient in northern latitudes.
And so there's a higher likelihood of these viruses causing grief.
I think that's one reason why we're probably seeing it.
So now we're not questioning whether there are viruses or to what extent they are available in the background or responsible for disease.
Now we're just arguing about the subtleties of how prevalent they are given vitamin D levels and hot and warm and sunshine and not.
And so what are we doing?
We're asking the wrong questions because these people are liars.
Stop lying!
That's all you need to know.
He's lying.
They are agreeing to lie about the relevance of these questions.
They are agreeing to lie about the relevance of these discussions.
Because as long as you're trapped in these hamster wheels, you're never usefully questioning the actual fidelity, the actual existence of SARS-CoV-2.
And the only useful people that were questioning the existence of SARS-CoV-2 at this time were noticeably people like Andrew Kaufman, who I am absolutely sure is not
he says he is.
I don't know what he's doing, who he plays for, but this is not a person who was really trying to save our grandchildren.
He was taking care of his own first himself, playing a role.
That's why there's a photograph of him shaking Andrew Cuomo's hand before the pandemic as part of a
a grant award thing where he was getting an award to develop a biometric device to monitor potential suicidal behavior in prison populations.
That Andrew Kaufman, all part of the same crew of people, all part of the same national security operation that was planning to use the crisis in America
to convince Australia to lock down, New Zealand to lock down, to convince other countries in this network to behave in a certain way because of what happened in America.
America was used, there were victims and there were fraud that was created in America because we have the best control over America and its media.
And then those ideas were projected around the world in order to create the illusion of a pandemic.
Who's responsible for it?
I don't know, but most likely it's traitors to our own US government like,
Kevin McKernan, who was able to take intellectual property out of the Human Genome Project and start his own company.
And so who does he owe everything that he has?
He owes the U.S.
government.
Department of Energy.
He owes MIT.
He owes the Broad Institute.
He doesn't owe us.
He doesn't owe his hometown or the people that came to his store and bought his goods.
He owes NIH, Tony Fauci.
He owes Francis Collins, and he owes his father.
And yet here he is in April and May of 2020, pretending to be an entrepreneur who didn't get anything from his father besides, uh, besides, uh, three meals a day.
And who doesn't owe anything to anybody, you know, like Francis Collins or anybody else that he's been in photographs with, even though he was allowed to take IP out of the human genome project and make millions multi-generational wealth from it.
when his father was already making multi-generational wealth as a part of the biosecurity state, the pharmaceutical companies, whatever you want to call it, weaponized piles of money of various sizes.
Traders, ladies and gentlemen, that's the only way to see the Americans involved in this.
They are traders.
They're playing for somebody else.
It's fade away right now.
The obvious question is did people overreact?
If what you're saying is it's vitamin D deficiency and it's not that fatal, did the decisions we made, was this the wrong way to go?
Yeah, I think we did.
When you look at the Ferguson models, all of these things were going off of R0.
are not as a reproductive number that assumes the population that the disease is entering has zero immunity to it.
But what's really happened is, and what a lot of epidemiologists would point to, is you have to go after RE, which E has to do with what portion of the population is actually susceptible.
So if there's any previous immunity to this in the population, it puts the brakes on the spread of the virus quite quickly.
In fact, Michael,
Levitt's been presenting a lot of this work too.
He's a former, what year did he get the Nobel Prize?
I think 2013 Nobel Prize in Chemistry.
Really smart guy.
He's been publishing all of these models, tracking the virus, and he's been demonstrating quite elegantly that it's not exponential.
So isn't that interesting that a Nobel Prize winner is demonstrating that the spread is not exponential?
So accepting the spread, accepting the molecular biological exaggeration of fidelity,
accepting that we don't have any data from 2020 to see how prevalent it is.
And the last podcast that Kevin was on, he said that it was in the background for 40 to 80 years, probably circulating in the background of China where nobody was sequencing.
Think about how far he's come in a month now.
He doesn't say that anymore.
I don't want to say that.
That might, that might goof things up.
So the more nuanced thing now is we have to talk about not R-naught, but R-E.
I guess that didn't really catch on very well.
It was too complicated for people.
So he introduced that, but it didn't really start very well.
And now he's plugging some Nobel prize winner who's suggesting that the models aren't right, or it's not linear.
It's linear, not exponential.
Or again, the limited spectrum of debate is always asking wrong questions and then vigorously debating.
And then everything that he promotes is that.
And it's been that way with all of these people since the very beginning.
That's why Jessica Rose was hot on the gain of function spike, the same as Kevin McCairn, the same as has Walter Chestnut.
All of these people wittingly or unwittingly were buying into the Scooby-Doo and then amplified and gained comfort and some social media acceptance because of it.
But there's no way that Jessica Rose doesn't know what she's doing.
There's no way that Robert Malone doesn't know, or Meryl Nass, or even Kevin McKernan, or Kevin McCarran, or Charles Rixey, they all know.
They all know because they're all part of a coordinated group of liars that is part of this national security operation.
It's also why the only thing they can do is ignore me.
There's nothing to sue.
The truth isn't slander.
Everyone's assuming this thing's going to go exponential, but it's never hit an exponential rate in any of the countries.
So something's putting the brakes on this.
I think what's putting the brakes on this is all the papers that we're seeing come out showing that the former coronaviruses that have gone through the population are providing antibodies to SARS-CoV-2.
Oh my gosh, did you hear it?
There are antibodies to SARS-CoV-2.
So this super, super genius molecular biologist seems to be unaware that Stanley Perlman had a whole series of papers after the original SARS virus that showed actually antibodies don't do shit.
And it's the T cell immunity to conserved regions of coronaviruses like the RNA dependent RNA polymerase that are responsible for the clearance of disease as far as his disease model went.
And yet here he is vomiting the same Francis Collins nonsense, the same correlative immunity.
We get antibodies from previous.
So then the whole argument about whether or not you have antibodies, and that is an indication of previous immunity, is exactly what this jackass wants you to believe.
Exactly what he is teaching young people right before they're faced with having to go back to college or saying no.
Stop lying!
This is malevolence and its highest form.
Coordinated lying is malevolence in its highest form.
Fifth generation warfare is a way to make sure that the skilled TV watching public, the skilled social media users never realize it's that simple.
Just like Matt and Kira lying to Freddy about Minecraft, it's the same thing.
When these people agree to lie, it doesn't matter if Vance knows or not.
As long as McKernan and Rose and everybody that they are able to co-opt, like Corey and McCullough,
are all on the same page and understand that, you know, you can complain about the shot, you can complain about the spike protein, you can complain about gain of function, but just don't ever question the possibility that we're just murdering people and lying about it.
You know, a really simple explanation that fits.
Don't want that.
and with the story that is novel.
So when that word was being used, this is one of those situations where, you know, a philosophical background is really valuable because you start saying, hey, if we're going to have a term that we add into the environment, everybody should understand what that term actually means.
Because everybody around me was using it because, oh, it's like COVID or corona.
You told me that's what we call it, so that's what we call it.
But they called it a novel coronavirus.
And for the people that were like me, I don't know to push back on that.
It could have been like the pink coronavirus.
It wouldn't have mattered.
But it actually has meaning in the rest of theit has an implication that we ended up taking on as far as how we reacted to the disease.
Absolutely did.
And we should never do that again.
Just because something is new from an RNA standpoint does not mean that it's new to our immune system.
And this is a bit of what goes on in publication bias.
I don't think there is any malfeasance here.
I think what happens is someone discovers a new coronavirus and that becomes publication meat.
Hey, look, I found something new.
So they would never have created the illusion of pandemic potential by just creating the actual publications and funding them.
No way.
There's no bad intentions here.
There's no bad actors here.
It's so simple once you see it.
The only thing they won't consider is that the biosecurity state would lie about pandemic potential in order to enslave our children.
It's the only possibility that they just can't seem to consider.
Even though it's a real simple explanation that explains everything in one fell swoop, they just can't seem to get there because they had something strange too.
I had something strange.
Meryl says she had it three times.
He had something strange, I'm sure.
Didn't he say that?
Yeah, he said that in the first podcast in April.
It's unbelievable.
It's so easy to see it now, we just have to keep hammering.
You can't get into a journal and say it's new, it's never been seen before.
But if you come out saying, eh, it's kind of been seen before,
doesn't get published as readily.
So the truth is that we've got ancestry on this thing.
We know that it has relationships to rat G13, but those are 40 to 70 years ago.
So it's a huge missing link that we spoke about in the last podcast of 40 to 70 years.
We don't know how long this has been in bats and how long it's been over in humans, but the assumption was that the first person they ever sequenced in Wuhan was a zoonotic event or close to it.
And I
I just don't think there's really any evidence for that when you consider coronaviruses have been floating around mammals for ages.
And now the antibody studies are coming out showing that there's more.
It's been here either longer than we think or spread further than we anticipated.
And even those antibody studies, I think, are underestimating the spread.
Because when you design these antibody tests,
You have to go through some work on an exclusivity and inclusivity study, usually.
What you do is you get a bunch of SARS viruses and show that, look, my test picks up these SARS viruses, but it doesn't pick up MERS, and it doesn't pick up SARS-1.
So you spend all this time making antibodies that are really, really specific to track the current virus.
That's a great thing for tracking the current virus.
But if you want to know about the immunity that might be out there, you actually want an antibody test that's going to pick up, is this person going to be immune to this or not?
Well, then you might need to survey all the old coronaviruses.
That's incredible.
So he's still making this elaborate attempt to assure you that antibodies are absolutely primal to immunity.
that you can make specific antibodies and nonspecific antibodies.
And if the tests are looking for specific antibodies, they might not actually pick up your previous existing antibodies to other coronaviruses and therefore miss preexisting immunity.
And so now we can ask this question over and over again in many different forms, and we can get Vance to think that it's a really interesting question and all his viewers will too.
And then all of a sudden,
It's 2021 and half of your friends have gotten the shot because you were never usefully informed in a way that allowed you to extricate yourself from the national security narrative.
That's why he's there.
That's why he was never deleted from YouTube.
That's why the podcaster worked for Monsanto and the World Bank, probably.
And on a ship.
It's hard to believe that it's this easy, ladies and gentlemen, but if you cannot see it for the liars that they are a patient may have seen I just suggest you got more watching and listening to more reading that are applicable to this one.
And that was never brought into the models never brought into discussion and now paper after papers coming out, showing that.
The antibodies to the old viruses are the antibodies.
Antibodies, antibodies, antibodies.
And I think those are, that is really the smoking gun on why this thing never went exponential.
And I think that's probably what's behind Michael Leavitt's work.
So something was released, but it didn't go exponential because we had previous immunity, but it was probably a gain of function virus.
And that's why later we're going to hear.
I have no responsibility for the current pandemic.
And why everybody was focused on him for so long, because that's what they wanted.
And I bet you dollars to donuts that Kevin McKernan still says that Peter Daszak and Tony Fauci are two of the bad guys.
You're saying it never went exponential.
I mean, I watch our world in data, you know, I'm, I'm watching those charts come out and they look like they are skyrocketing.
It looks like, you know, if I turn on the news, they are running a dial that shows, you know, 90,000, a hundred thousand, a million people.
And for me, I don't know if that's a lot of people or not.
And I don't mean to be calloused.
I mean, like, you know, you get up to numbers above 20,000 and it's difficult for the human brain to understand them other than in relative size.
It is, and they're often... And so you wouldn't want to start with something basic like there are about 350 million people in the United States, maybe 340, and every year we lose between 2.7 and 3 million people.
You wouldn't want to explain that on any given week we could lose between 55 and 75,000 people depending on what week it is.
You wouldn't want to give people that very basic context, right?
Because once you get into these big numbers, I just can't understand it anymore.
So somebody like Kevin should swoop in with a very simple understanding of how it works in America.
There's very simple questions.
How many people are in America?
How many die every year?
Do we have any numbers on how many die every week?
Well, yeah, we do.
So then you can put it into context very easily, Vance, if you wanted to pull your head out, or Kevin, if you wanted to pull Vance's head out.
But instead...
They just agree that, yeah, it's really hard to figure it out because all-cause mortality is really difficult, especially when like hundreds of thousands of people are dying of opioids.
Putting them on linear scales.
And suicide and lockdown.
And in sciences, when you're dealing with exponentials, you put them on log scales so that you can tell if it's linear on a log scale.
Oh, we need log scales.
Oh.
What Michael's work's been showing is that it's not.
If the PBS NewsHour would have used log scales, then they would have been telling us the truth.
oh why didn't i see it holy shit okay ladies and gentlemen so there's some breaks on this thing we don't know what i think it's time i think it's time to call this quits you can see it there's a few more minutes left this whole video and the one that follows is available on peer tube i downloaded them to make sure
in case they would remove them from YouTube now that we're using them as evidence of the operation that was executed and is still being executed on us.
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I think these people and others, wittingly and unwittingly, are part of a national security operation which is designed to mislead the young about the
pandemic potential that exists in nature and in laboratories, both of which is a lie.
They are based on synthetic biology, synthetic DNA and RNA being transformed and transfected into cell cultures and the resultant
conditions being called the presence of or the culturing of viruses.
Very succinctly, we can dismiss RNA virology based on that statement alone, because if you go to PubMed and look for how virology is done, it is almost exclusively done with synthetically created
DNA and RNA molecules that are then transfected into various cell cultures.
And that's how virus is produced for any cell model or any animal model.
And that's why intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
It's based on a bunch of mythology.
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent, because they have been playing with this technology on academic biological benches for decades.
And most of the academic biologists that are currently masquerading as tenure-track professors should have known better, and therefore are kind of guilty for not having figured it out earlier, because RNA cannot pandemic.
And every one of them did a very basic sort of
oral exam to get their PhD, where they were most assuredly asked about the DNA to RNA through a ribosome to protein sequence, and what parts of that were high fidelity and what parts weren't.
And the fact of the matter is, is they should have known just like I took two and a half years to figure out because of so many meddlers.
that RNA could never pandemic, and we've known that since before the pandemic was declared.
Ladies and gentlemen, please stop all transfections in humans because they are trying to eliminate the control group.
I'm sorry to have to cut short, and this has been Giggle Home Biological.
If you want to share the stream, the best replays are on Peertube because then you get the musical introduction as well.
That's
This is where we talk and you can send me private messages there that I will read.
And this is where you can find links to support the stream, which I would really and my family would greatly appreciate.
We're trying very hard to put it all on the line here.
and we don't have enough subscribers yet, so if you have the means, you can find me also on Substack under the same moniker, getting all biological if that's easier for you.
Also much appreciated.
Thank you very much for sharing the stream.
These are the people that make it possible.
See you again tomorrow.